[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] Set adrift on
the ocean, Nadia, Jean and King
were rescued by
mysterious submarine
under the command
of Captain Nemo
and his first officer Electra.
While onboard, the Nautilus
engaged in a fierce battle
with the Garfish, a submarine
commanded by the evil Gargoyle.
The Nautilus was unable
to defeat its adversary.
After several days, the Nautilus
returned to the surface
and our heroic trio
was given their freedom
having never met the captain.
The Nautilus crew converted
Jean's plane into a seaplane
and their new adventure began.
What new
secrets will they discover?
[whimsical music playing]
[Jean] What a wonderful engine.
And we have
a full tank of gas as well.
Isn't that great?
Yes.
I had no idea
flying felt so good.
Why don't we circle around
the island once
and then go in
for a landing?
Jean, why don't we land soon
in case this engine breaks down?
Gee! Girls just don't understand
the true romance
of flying through the skies.
[waves crashing]
[gear creaks]
I hope you plan on leaving me
a little something to eat.
[Grandis grunts] You can eat
as much of this as you like.
[sighs] I wonder when I'll be
able to sit down
to a civilized meal again.
I don't know.
How did a simple jewel heist
leave us stranded on
a desert island?
I don't know.
Well, it happened because
you two know-nothings
couldn't figure out
how to handle a couple
of children and a baby lion.
Well now, that explains it,
doesn't it?
[sighs] Oh, my.
Why am I always so unlucky
when it comes to men?
We are doomed to live out the
rest of our lives on this harsh,
undignified island.
Oh, dear God, is there
anything I've done
to deserve all of this?
-[Sanson] Oh, plenty.
-Hmm.
Your memory
might be failing you.
That's tragic. Be careful.
-[grunts] This stinks.
-Hmm?
[grunts]
You talk too much, don't you?
[Sanson] Yes. I'm so sorry.
[Grandis sighs]
I wish I had the Blue Water
to keep me company.
-[snores]
-We should think of a way
to get our hands on it.
I did, but I don't think it's
going to drop out of the sky
anytime too soon.
[birds tweeting]
[airplane engine whirring]
[gasps]
-What's that?
-[Hanson] It's an aircraft.
Hmm.
[Grandis] It looks familiar.
[all] Hey, the Blue Water.
[gasps]
What's wrong?
I don't know.
-I'm scared.
-Hmm.
Don't be. This is where
my skill will come in handy.
Landing an aircraft
requires natural dexterity.
But that's what scares me.
Jean, you've only had experience
with crash landings.
That's right.
That's why I said
it would take some skill.
I hope you're right.
Count on me.
Right.
Look at
the hole in that mountain.
[Jean] I see some
mining refuge ahead.
There must be a drilling
operation on the island.
[Nadia] Hmm.
[explosion]
[gasps]
[screams]
Well, that doesn't look right.
No.
They were hit by something.
This island, it's not deserted.
Yes. There must be
some desperate bandits
around here out to
grab the Blue Water.
-Uh, you mean like us?
-Shut up and move.
-Right. Okay. Bye.
-We need to find them quickly.
So that we can
go and rescue Nadia?
No. Because this is the perfect
chance to get that jewel.
But wait, Ms. Grandis, the
Gratan is just about repaired.
We can't wait.
They could get
seriously hurt if it explodes.
Aw.
That means
you care about her, don't you?
Hmm. Just keep
it to yourself [screams].
[groans]
You missed me.
Let's start walking.
[both] Right.
[whirring]
No!
[grunts]
[metal squeaking]
[screaming]
[engine revving]
[Jean grunting]
[both screaming]
[gasps]
They were very brave children.
[both] Uh-hmm.
[All] Amen.
King?
King? Where are you?
You must have
fallen out of the aircraft.
The aircraft?
[gasps] King? Answer me.
Jean? Hello? Where are you?
[gasps] It burned up.
[gasps] Jean?
[pensive music playing]
Oh, no.
He...
[gasps] Jean!
Oh.
Jean?
Jean? Jean?
[Jean] Nadia.
You're alive.
Nadia, where is my aircraft?
-Over there.
-Hmm?
Oh, well, onto
nine. Hey, where is King?
[sighs] I lost him. He's gone.
Nonsense! We'll find him.
[Nadia] Uh-hmm.
Before that--
Yes? What?
I think--I think I'll need
some help getting out of this.
[fire blazing]
[Grandis] How horrible.
-It was completely destroyed.
-Well, was she?
She couldn't have survived.
[Sanson sighs]
-[gunshot]
-[screams]
[man] Be still.
Move one muscle and you'll die.
I allow you to
drop your weapons.
They've got us.
[Hanson coughs then sighs]
[Jean] Why did they
shoot us down like that?
It was so unnecessary.
The letter said
this would be a safe place.
I'm worried about King.
He's never been
on his own before.
[birds chirping]
-Huh?
-Oh, no.
There must
have been an accident.
-[gasps]
-Uh-hmm.
[panting]
Uh, hello, sir?
He's so cold. Oh, my goodness.
[gasps]
Oh.
[ominous music playing]
He's been shot.
[Nadia sobs]
[Jean] He probably
tried to protect them.
[gasps]
-[Nadia sobs]
-[Jean sighs]
[gasps]
Hey.
Hey, Jean, she's alive.
-[footsteps]
-Huh?
[bird chirping]
What? Someone
is coming this way.
It's Grandis and those henchmen.
[Nadia] What
are they doing here?
Look, all of
those men have rifles.
They must be responsible for
the killing of that man
and his wife.
But that doesn't
explain who they are.
It's all I need to know.
It is dangerous to stay here.
-We had better go.
-Right.
-[leaves creaking]
-They found us!
-[gasps]
-Nadia!
-It's King.
[gasps]
Oh, you've scared me
half to death, you little rogue.
[laughs]
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
I wonder if she knows about
what happened to her parents.
[bird squawking]
[chirping]
[gasps] She's waking up.
Huh? She is?
Hmm.
Mama?
Uh-uh.
My name is Nadia, dear.
My friend's name is Jean.
-Who are you?
-Marie.
-[gasps]
-Don't worry about him.
This is King.
He's a friendly lion.
Lion?
He's still a little
baby like you are.
Uh-hmm.
[laughs]
You're tickling my face,
you silly boy. Where's Mama?
She's not here right now.
Where is Papa?
He's with Mama.
But I want to go see them now.
Yes. Soon you will.
No, now.
They're probably hiding
in the old village.
That's what Papa said.
-Village?
-That's right.
It's not far from here. I know
how to get there by myself.
Hmm. You're a very smart girl.
Uh-hmm.
That's what my Mama says.
[crying]
Why are you crying?
We... Let's go.
[Nadia crying]
Okay.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[commander] What did you say?
An aircraft?
Yes, sir.
An unidentified aircraft
was circling Sector M32.
We brought
it down with only one shot.
The wreckage has been found,
but not the survivors.
[commander] Fascinating.
And you will not rest
until they are found.
[soldier] I understand.
What shall we do with the three
intruders we brought in earlier?
[commander] Bring them to me.
I will interrogate them here.
[man] Understood.
[door opens and closes]
Who besides us could be
in possession of an aircraft?
The Nautilus must
be involved somehow.
[crickets chirping]
[Marie] I'm telling the truth.
My Mama is the best cook
in the whole world.
She is?
Well, that's nice.
It is.
When you come to our house
she's going to make
you a wonderful dinner.
[chuckles]
Where are they? It's so late.
They were in a big hurry before.
Marie, what kind of work
did your father do?
His work?
He runs the power plant.
-The power plant?
-That's right.
He takes a big pile of coal
and burns it so that we can have
lights and things.
[Jean] That is
thermo-electric plant.
Why does an island
like this need one of those?
Marie, you said they were
in a hurry, why was that?
Don't know. I was sleeping
and Mama woke me.
It was really early.
I thought she'd
take me to the bathroom.
And?
Mama and Papa were so worried.
And then, we went deeper
and deeper into the woods.
And I looked behind me
and a lot of scary people
were running after us
and Papa stopped running
and there was a loud noise.
[gunshots]
[Marie] And then...
then,
Mama and Papa went to sleep
and Mookie slept too.
Mama's hand
got colder and colder
and that's...
That's all I remember.
-I'm sorry.
-[sobs]
You don't have
to tell us anymore.
You said enough.
[sobbing]
[screeching]
-[gasps]
-[explosion]
-[screams]
-[glass shatters]
[gasps]
[gunshots]
[crying]
Sorry.
How did they know we were here?
That, they must have seen it.
[gunshots]
[soldier 1]
We know you're in there.
Surrender to us forthwith.
I will give you
until the count of five.
One...
Not a chance.
[soldier 1] Two...
Three...
-Yes.
-What, Jean?
Four...
-Five.
-[Jean] Wait.
We surrender.
Please, don't shoot.
[soldier 1] That's a good boy.
[chuckles]
Cut them down as soon as
they come out.
[soldier 2] Understood.
-[door creaks open]
-[gunshots]
[glass shatters]
-Huh?
-What?
[Jean panting]
[soldier 2]
There they are, sir.
[soldier 3]
Don't let them escape!
[gunshots]
[panting]
[intense music playing]
-Get under over there.
-[Nadia] Right.
[soldier 4] I heard them.
They're over there.
[soldier 5]
He jumped into the river.
-Spread out.
-[soldier 6] Understood.
-[soldier 5] Do you see him?
-[soldier 6] No, sir.
[soldier 5]
Search the opposite bank.
[soldier 6] Understood.
[soldier 5] How many are there?
[soldier 7] Three children
and some kind of animal, sir.
[soldier 5] They are
most definitely our intruders.
Although I doubt a mere child
could pilot that machine.
Report this to the commander.
The rest of you,
return to the base straightaway.
[soldiers] Understood.
Phew!
What shall we do now?
Well, if we set
a camp, they'll find us.
It's nap time,
we go in the cave.
[both] Huh? What cave?
Don't you know?
It's a big one just on the other
side of the cape, we go there.
When we get there, Papa's
friends will be waiting for us.
Your Papa has friends there?
[Marie] Uh-hmm.
So, there must be other people
trying to escape from
the island too.
Then we'll go to the cave
if you can show us
how to get there, Marie.
Mama and Papa are there?
Uh-hmm.
We might find them there.
Hmm.
Let's go.
All right.
You have located the intruders?
[soldier] Yes, sir.
Three children and an animal.
Most likely from the aircraft.
We are deploying
search parties presently.
You let them escape?
[soldier] I--I'm sorry, sir.
[commander] That's acceptable.
There is a change in orders.
The girl must be taken alive.
-Dispose of the others.
-[soldier] Understood.
Their number
seems to have increased
but it appears as if
you've not been lying to me
so far.
I've been telling the truth
the whole time we've been here.
We were simply looking for
the Blue Water
and washed up on
this island.
[commander] How do you know
about the Blue Water?
I saw it on a wanted poster.
[commander] Hmm, I must tell him
that those tawdry posters
we distributed
served some purpose after all.
-We've told you enough.
-Uh-hmm.
You have what you want.
Let us go.
That's out of the question.
You are our honored guests.
You've been invited to stay.
You said you'd release us
if I told you the truth.
-[commander] Take them away.
-[soldier] Understood.
Hey, you're hurting my arm.
[overlapping conversation]
[commander] The secrets of
this island are safe
only in the grave.
[insects chirping]
[Jean] Food and water.
They certainly have
enough supplies
for a very long journey.
[Nadia] But
where are the others?
Uh, they haven't arrived yet,
or they've been stopped.
They have blankets.
Good. Give one to Marie.
Huh?
We should get some sleep too.
We've had a pretty hectic day.
Yes.
[insects chirping]
Jean, are you awake?
I can't sleep.
Hmm.
What's the matter, Jean?
I'm going out.
Where to?
There is something I need to do
before Marie wakes up in
the morning.
Oh.
Wait, Jean, I'm coming with you.
But someone has
to stay here with her.
I know.
But you can't
do this by yourself.
All right, then, let's go.
Hmm.
[waves crashing]
[shovel thwacks]
[Jean grunting]
Papa, Mama.
[King purrs]
Wait.
Listen to me.
[Marie] What is it?
Marie, your Mama and Papa have--
they passed away.
Passed away?
Yes.
They've gone to a faraway place
called heaven.
[Marie] Oh.
Did Mookie go with them?
[Nadia] Uh-huh.
Mookie's there too.
I want to go too.
I think they'd want you
to stay here with us.
No.
I want to go be
with Mama and Papa.
You must listen to me, Marie.
I wanna go.
-Let me go.
-[Jean] You can't.
Jean!
[Jean] It's not
a place you can go to now.
You don't understand.
You won't see them anymore.
You... you won't.
He's right.
Hmm?
They're... They're gone?
Uh-hmm.
[sniffs]
I don't want
to believe you. I...
[sobbing]
I want to go to Mama and Papa.
[dramatic music playing]
[singing in Japanese]